C:\Users\leont\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\C#\getting started\getting_started\bin\Debug\net8.0\getting_started.exe
C:\Users\leont\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\C#\getting started\getting_started\bin\Debug\net8.0\getting_started.deps.json
C:\Users\leont\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\C#\getting started\getting_started\bin\Debug\net8.0\getting_started.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\leont\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\C#\getting started\getting_started\bin\Debug\net8.0\getting_started.dll
C:\Users\leont\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\C#\getting started\getting_started\bin\Debug\net8.0\getting_started.pdb
C:\Users\leont\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\C#\getting started\getting_started\obj\Debug\net8.0\getting_started.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:\Users\leont\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\C#\getting started\getting_started\obj\Debug\net8.0\getting_started.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\leont\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\C#\getting started\getting_started\obj\Debug\net8.0\getting_started.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\leont\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\C#\getting started\getting_started\obj\Debug\net8.0\getting_started.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\leont\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\C#\getting started\getting_started\obj\Debug\net8.0\getting_started.dll
C:\Users\leont\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\C#\getting started\getting_started\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\getting_started.dll
C:\Users\leont\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\C#\getting started\getting_started\obj\Debug\net8.0\getting_started.pdb
C:\Users\leont\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\C#\getting started\getting_started\obj\Debug\net8.0\getting_started.genruntimeconfig.cache
C:\Users\leont\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\C#\getting started\getting_started\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\getting_started.dll
c:\Users\leont\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\C#\getting started\getting_started\obj\Debug\net8.0\getting_started.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\leont\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\C#\getting started\getting_started\bin\Debug\net8.0\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\leont\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\C#\getting started\getting_started\bin\Debug\net8.0\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\leont\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\C#\getting started\getting_started\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Win32.SystemEvents.dll
c:\Users\leont\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\C#\getting started\getting_started\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.Data.SQLite.dll
c:\Users\leont\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\C#\getting started\getting_started\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.CodeDom.dll
c:\Users\leont\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\C#\getting started\getting_started\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.Configuration.ConfigurationManager.dll
c:\Users\leont\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\C#\getting started\getting_started\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.Data.SqlClient.dll
c:\Users\leont\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\C#\getting started\getting_started\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
c:\Users\leont\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\C#\getting started\getting_started\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.Drawing.Common.dll
c:\Users\leont\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\C#\getting started\getting_started\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.Security.Cryptography.ProtectedData.dll
c:\Users\leont\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\C#\getting started\getting_started\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.Security.Permissions.dll
c:\Users\leont\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\C#\getting started\getting_started\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.Windows.Extensions.dll
c:\Users\leont\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\C#\getting started\getting_started\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win\lib\netcoreapp3.0\Microsoft.Win32.SystemEvents.dll
c:\Users\leont\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\C#\getting started\getting_started\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-arm64\native\sni.dll
c:\Users\leont\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\C#\getting started\getting_started\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\sni.dll
c:\Users\leont\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\C#\getting started\getting_started\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\sni.dll
c:\Users\leont\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\C#\getting started\getting_started\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\SQLite.Interop.dll
c:\Users\leont\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\C#\getting started\getting_started\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx-x64\native\SQLite.Interop.dll
c:\Users\leont\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\C#\getting started\getting_started\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\SQLite.Interop.dll
c:\Users\leont\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\C#\getting started\getting_started\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\SQLite.Interop.dll
c:\Users\leont\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\C#\getting started\getting_started\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\unix\lib\netcoreapp2.1\System.Data.SqlClient.dll
c:\Users\leont\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\C#\getting started\getting_started\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win\lib\netcoreapp2.1\System.Data.SqlClient.dll
c:\Users\leont\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\C#\getting started\getting_started\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\unix\lib\netcoreapp3.0\System.Drawing.Common.dll
c:\Users\leont\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\C#\getting started\getting_started\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win\lib\netcoreapp3.0\System.Drawing.Common.dll
c:\Users\leont\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\C#\getting started\getting_started\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win\lib\netstandard2.0\System.Security.Cryptography.ProtectedData.dll
c:\Users\leont\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\C#\getting started\getting_started\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win\lib\netcoreapp3.0\System.Windows.Extensions.dll
c:\Users\leont\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\C#\getting started\getting_started\obj\Debug\net8.0\getting_.E25FF900.Up2Date
